hello you do it is cam man 9820 for
coming out to do today I'm going to do a
review on my High Sierra camel pack
backpack whatever right here and start
the back thanks got this um this one's
about they have sixty dollars at a bike
store it's got these two and they strap
around your chest or your waist where
that goes there's a phone pocket here it
here's the nozzle water comes with it so
pipe down you can buy those heads
they're like five dollars I like
tri-state outfitters and stuff if you
have that it's good deal to you can get
them for water bottle right here it has
high sierra air mesh back up back right
here if you have ice in your water pack
it cools the right here when you're
biking cost it down sorry okay next is
right here
stop this that untighten ins at much and
pull this and we step the groceries
whenever you got in there and then at
the bottom there may check from
recording accepted okay it's good here
is a helmet holder as you can see this
goes up straps right here and their
helmet goes in there this goes over my
clothes
this was sixty dollars and fifty sixty
one the air is a drain hole for water
that drains out of the camera um let's
start with the first pocket they have a
vengeance para cord connected these
straps okay right here right here it's
got like a little strapped for me it
could work as like a covina you can hold
knives candy bars and these piles see
knives candy balls food phone okay you
can put your ipod in there and the
headphones can come out of this spot
right here okay second pocket right here
is my counter pack it holds I think 3 to
2 quarts or something right here is my
bike lock this was thirty dollars
here you got a lot of room in there
here's my it says 2.0 12 and 10 ports
figure is in support center it makes it
extends that much more i think it RAB
good for the price um right here says hi
Sierra I'll mesh back and if you have
ice in your camel pack you kit cools
these and it makes them feel really nice
right here is a cell phone right there
here's the HOS you can switch it from
this side to this side get inside here
is
i hook up or down upon the literature um
here's a strap
these go up and down right here for
wherever you chest or whatever is it
some pumpkin bulbs up here better than
with these tighten down you gotta hook
here for groceries whatever you got and
right here waste stops right going on
your ways
it's kind of head stuck back in there
it's gonna drain hole pockets that
extend a hand grip which is Carrie think
that's all about it it aids to point 10
quarts it was sixty dollars fifty
dollars I'm not named brandon picea it
is way worth the money if you have it so
thank you for watching please rate
comment and subscribe